---
layout: post
title: "leet joon!"
subtitle: "its leet joon test page"
date: 2020-01-01 10:45:13 -0400
background: '/img/posts/06.jpg'
---

### wow its leetjoon

Never in all their history have men been able truly to conceive of the world as one: a single sphere, a globe, having the qualities of a globe, a round earth in which all the directions eventually meet, in which there is no center because every point, or none, is center — an equal earth which all men occupy as equals. The airman's earth, if free men make it, will be truly round: a globe in practice, not in theory.


----

### wow its leetjoon

Never in all their history have men been able truly to conceive of the world as one: a single sphere, a globe, having the qualities of a globe, a round earth in which all the directions eventually meet, in which there is no center because every point, or none, is center — an equal earth which all men occupy as equals. The airman's earth, if free men make it, will be truly round: a globe in practice, not in theory.

> The dreams of yesterday are the hopes of today and the reality of tomorrow. Science has not yet mastered prophecy. We predict too much for the next year and yet far too little for the next ten.



# wow its h1
## this id h2

```html
<a href="">Hello World</a>
```

## this id h2 again
### starting leetjoon
* hi, this is joon
* There can be no thought of finishing for ‘aiming for the stars.’ Both figuratively and literally, it is a task to occupy the generations. And no matter how much progress one makes, there is always the thrill of just beginning.

```javascript
int a = 1;
String bb = "test";

for (int a = 0; i < bb.length(); a++) {
	System.out.println("test");
}
```

* its time complexity is O(n^2)
* isn't that great?
